Hello Phong! 
Hope you're doing great. As of now, we've distributed the sensor work to 2 students, and I'm giving you the responsibility of creating the main 
class where the thread will be running and collecting data from the sensors every few seconds later. I leave it up to you to decide
how many seconds will be there between each data collection. It seems only us two are decently acquainted with threads, therefore I trust
this task onto you. On a side note, during Monday's class Mr. Dincer mentioned that we do not need to worry about displaying data that we
create. This means that we will not be creating a GUI application for this project, since that comes under Project 2. I know I mentioned GUI 
during Sunday's meeting, but instead I want you to do 2 different insteads instead now.

Instead of creating a GUI, I want you to use a Data Structure to store every value that our sensor has provided so far. Although, displaying 
is not part of this assignment, saving all the data our sensors giving after every few seconds will prepare us to easily have everything
available to be displayed when Project 2 comes around. You can use an ArrayList or any other data structure to store these values. 

Also for help, I have a starter code uploaded where I coded a basic example of what you may expect from the sensor classes. The sensor classes
will all implement the SensorInterface they will have a getData() method which will provide a new data every time you call it. These
sensors DO NOT give data every few seconds, but rather your written class, using threads, will call the getData() method of these classes
and they'll give you a new value everytime. Please refer to the TemperatureSensor class which is just an example coded to illustrate this.
If your program works with TemperatureSensor Class, it'll work with all the other classes written by your fellow members.

As a small note to get started, you may have to do something like TemperatureSensor tempSensor = new TemperatureSensor() and call this object's 
getData() method.

Optionally, if you want I know we don't have to display the data, but if you are curious about doing so you may create a GUI or a console based program
that displays everything we have, or perform some operation on the Data Structures that have saved the sensor information and display that also.
Again, this is NOT required for this assignment, but I know you expressed interest in this, therefore if you are still interested you may 
go ahead and do this also. I leave the implementation detail of this upto you to decide.

I hope you have fun doing this. 
Best and Good Luck!!
Ali Iftakhar.
